output: apply to change `extract_placeholders()` API behavior (#630)
fluent/fluentd-docs-gitbook: plugin-development/api-plugin-output.md

Return value is a `String`.

> Since v1.19.3, this method raises `Fluent::UnrecoverableError` if a value substituted into `${tag}` or `${key}` would cross a path boundary, e.g. a tag containing `../` or beginning with `/`. See [Path Boundary Validation](../configuration/buffer-section.md#path-boundary-validation).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since v1.19.3, this method raises `Fluent::UnrecoverableError` if a value substituted into `${tag}` or `${key}` attempts a path traversal, e.g. a tag containing `../` or beginning with `/`. See [Path Boundary Validation](../configuration/buffer-section.md#path-boundary-validation).
```
